# Codebreaker

Codebreaker is a classic puzzle game where players attempt to guess a secret code generated by the computer. With a mix of logic and deduction, players must crack the code within a limited number of attempts.

## Game Features

- **Secret Code Generation**: A random 4-digit code is generated at the start of each game.
- **Guess Validation**: Players input their 4-digit guesses, receiving immediate feedback on accuracy.
- **Feedback System**: After each guess, players are informed how many digits are correct and in the right position, and how many are correct but in the wrong position.
- **Attempt Limit**: The game limits the number of guesses to 10, challenging players to think strategically.
- **Color-coded Feedback**: Utilizes the Colorama library to provide color-coded feedback for an enhanced user experience.

## Getting Started

To run Codebreaker on your local machine, follow these instructions.

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Colorama library

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**
   git clone https://github.com/skudsi490/Codebreaker-PYTHON.git

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

    cd Codebreaker

3. **Install the Colorama library:**

   pip install colorama

### How to Play

1. **Start the game:**
python Codebreaker.py

- Enter your guesses: Input your 4-digit guesses when prompted, considering the feedback provided after each attempt.

### Game Rules

- The secret code consists of 4 unique digits.
- After each guess, you'll receive feedback indicating:
- How many digits are correct and in the right position.
- How many digits are correct but in the wrong position.
- You have 10 attempts to guess the secret code correctly.


### Contributing
Feel free to fork the project, submit pull requests, or report bugs and suggest features in the issues section.

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

### Contact
Sami Kudsi - skudsi490@gmail.com

Project Link: https://github.com/skudsi490/Codebreaker-PYTHON.git